c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyHocSinh\QuanLyHocSinh\bin\Debug\QuanLyHocSinh.exe.config
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyHocSinh\QuanLyHocSinh\bin\Debug\QuanLyHocSinh.exe
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyHocSinh\QuanLyHocSinh\bin\Debug\QuanLyHocSinh.pdb
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyHocSinh\QuanLyHocSinh\obj\Debug\QuanLyHocSinh.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyHocSinh\QuanLyHocSinh\obj\Debug\QuanLyHocSinh.Form1.resources
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyHocSinh\QuanLyHocSinh\obj\Debug\QuanLyHocSinh.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyHocSinh\QuanLyHocSinh\obj\Debug\QuanLyHocSinh.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyHocSinh\QuanLyHocSinh\obj\Debug\QuanLyHocSinh.exe
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyHocSinh\QuanLyHocSinh\obj\Debug\QuanLyHocSinh.pdb
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyHocSinh\QuanLyHocSinh\obj\Debug\QuanLyHocSinh.AddGV.resources
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyHocSinh\QuanLyHocSinh\obj\Debug\QuanLyHocSinh.AddHocSinh.resources
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QuanLyHocSinh\QuanLyHocSinh\obj\Debug\QuanLyHocSinh.DangNhap.resources
E:\STUDY\MTA\3_Third_Year\TheSecond\Thực tập nhóm\Tuan 2\QuanLyHocSinh\QuanLyHocSinh\bin\Debug\QuanLyHocSinh.exe.config
E:\STUDY\MTA\3_Third_Year\TheSecond\Thực tập nhóm\Tuan 2\QuanLyHocSinh\QuanLyHocSinh\obj\Debug\QuanLyHocSinh.exe
E:\STUDY\MTA\3_Third_Year\TheSecond\Thực tập nhóm\Tuan 2\QuanLyHocSinh\QuanLyHocSinh\obj\Debug\QuanLyHocSinh.pdb
E:\STUDY\MTA\3_Third_Year\TheSecond\Thực tập nhóm\Tuan 2\QuanLyHocSinh\QuanLyHocSinh\bin\Debug\QuanLyHocSinh.exe
E:\STUDY\MTA\3_Third_Year\TheSecond\Thực tập nhóm\Tuan 2\QuanLyHocSinh\QuanLyHocSinh\bin\Debug\QuanLyHocSinh.pdb
E:\STUDY\MTA\3_Third_Year\TheSecond\Thực tập nhóm\Tuan 2\QuanLyHocSinh\QuanLyHocSinh\obj\Debug\QuanLyHocSinh.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\STUDY\MTA\3_Third_Year\TheSecond\Thực tập nhóm\Tuan 2\QuanLyHocSinh\QuanLyHocSinh\obj\Debug\QuanLyHocSinh.AddGV.resources
E:\STUDY\MTA\3_Third_Year\TheSecond\Thực tập nhóm\Tuan 2\QuanLyHocSinh\QuanLyHocSinh\obj\Debug\QuanLyHocSinh.AddHocSinh.resources
E:\STUDY\MTA\3_Third_Year\TheSecond\Thực tập nhóm\Tuan 2\QuanLyHocSinh\QuanLyHocSinh\obj\Debug\QuanLyHocSinh.DangNhap.resources
E:\STUDY\MTA\3_Third_Year\TheSecond\Thực tập nhóm\Tuan 2\QuanLyHocSinh\QuanLyHocSinh\obj\Debug\QuanLyHocSinh.Form1.resources
E:\STUDY\MTA\3_Third_Year\TheSecond\Thực tập nhóm\Tuan 2\QuanLyHocSinh\QuanLyHocSinh\obj\Debug\QuanLyHocSinh.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\STUDY\MTA\3_Third_Year\TheSecond\Thực tập nhóm\Tuan 2\QuanLyHocSinh\QuanLyHocSinh\obj\Debug\QuanLyHocSinh.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
